this will be a full no [__] guide on
things you can do to make more money on
your Shopify store in other words
increasing your conversion rate in our
case we have a 7.4 conversion rate on
the store yesterday which made 5K in one
single day this is three times higher
than the industry average and this means
that out of 100 people who visit our
store 7.4 people buy that's very high
and this is also part of the reason why
yesterday we made $3,000 in pure profit
with this product alone so the question
is how do we do that well first things
first I have to emphasize here that the
design of your store doesn't really
matter that much it is not connected to
how we designed the store how the logo
looks and also how the coloring scheme
is we've split tested all these things
and we noticed a good logo versus a bad
logo doesn't really change anything so
what actually makes more people buy well
it's basically the offer the main thing
you can do is change up the offer in a
more compelling way to get more people
to buy probably the single most
important split test you always have to
be doing is your product price if you
are selling your product for let's say
$29 you just assumed that that is the
best price you don't know if $31 or $28
is going to perform better so that's
something you have to split test and the
ideal way to do that is just add $5 and
you subtract $5 so if you're selling
something for $29.99 you're going to
split test $34.99 and $24.99 and then
you just generally see what makes you
more money and then you can just adjust
because $1 differences matter a lot the
best way to do this is the app called
intelligence AB testing it's one of my
favorite apps and we're constantly using
it because what it does is basically it
sends 50% of your traffic to one website
and then 50% of your traffic to another
one and then you can just do one single
change in there so for example the price
or the headline or whatever it is so the
main objective you should be having is
not guessing anything the first thing
you did was just randomly price your
product somehow you did free shipping
you did one certain upsell you did one
certain price you priced your upsell in
a certain way these are old guesses
right that's good but you have to change
it up to see if your guess was good or
bad obviously but none of you guys are
doing that which is wild to me and the
second thing I noticed what most of you
guys are doing is you have a product
price let's say $49.99 and then you have
free shipping and then maybe some of you
guys have like a post purchase upsell so
after somebody bought you offer some
them something else and that's basically
it you would be shocked on how much more
money you can make if you chunk up your
price in different segments what you can
for example do is you can price your
product instead of $449.99
$19.99 obviously if you do that you're
going to have way more at to cards now
profit margins are going to drastically
decrease if you only do that well that's
why you don't only do that but you do a
few other things which is for example
you add a checkbox upsell on your
product page which is already
automatically checked on for let's say
$4.99 if a checkbox is already checked
on 70% at least take that checkbox
because that's the path of least
resistance they don't have to press
anything it's just already in their cart
and they buy it this is something which
works incredibly well then on top of
that you have a pre- purchase upsell
popup for let's say $9.99 and if you do
that right you can very well reach up to
a 50% take rate which means that you're
going to add another $5 on average onto
your average order value and if you
compare all of that with a shipping
setting for like $4.99 or $9.99 or
something along those lines and then
also have another $20 postp purchase
upsell and then even have a few
downsells after that you're basically
going to have the same average order
value as on the first example but you're
just going to have so many more sales
because people are in this yes Loop they
already took the product might as well
buy this extra one small thing most of
you guys are not chunking your price
along the funnel but you just want to
have the money right away from the
product price which a lot of the cases
it's just a mistake and in rare
instances that is the best way to do it
but you don't know that because you
didn't split test both if you're making
money with your Drop Shipping Store it's
just ridiculous to just keep the same
offer as you had in the very beginning
till the end that's insane and again
these are the things you need to be
split testing not your [__] coloring
scheme design starts to matter after you
make 100K a month after you do that go
ahead play around with your design
because don't get me wrong it's going to
increase the conversion rate a little
bit and on 100K month that actually can
make quite a bit of a difference but in
the beginning it doesn't matter the next
thing is your reviews and here it's very
important to handle as many objections
as possible my favorite framework is
this one at first I thought X but it is
y so what's the goal here well at first
I thought some common objection if
you're selling resistance bands you're
going to say at first I thought they're
going to rip super easy or they're going
to leave Blue stains on my shirt
whatever the common objections are you
to say that's what you thought but it is
the dream outcome but it actually never
ripped but it actually never leaves
stains but it actually never feels weird
on my skin or doesn't leave rashes and
how you find these things out is by
looking into your Niche and searching
for bad reviews from other products so
for example if you're selling resistance
bands and you go on Amazon and sort
everything by one star reviews you're
going to find out really quickly what
the most common things are which people
have experienced think about this people
are usually not the first time
purchasers in your Niche they already
tried a bunch of things to solve the
problem which you're solving but now you
just come out at them saying all right
your product is so much better than the
other ones and most likely they got
burnt by other products Etc so make a
huge list of objections why people are
not buying your product ask people you
know in the niche what they know about
this product and why they wouldn't buy
it and a little Pro tip here as well
objection handling in reviews is more
powerful than objection handling in your
product page generally because reviews
seem seem a little bit more honest
however everybody knows that you can
still fake reviews on your product page
one layer above that is the comment
section so for example if you're doing
organic Drop Shipping having good
comments in terms of handling objections
below your call to action videos is very
powerful if you have a big Instagram
account and you have a story highlight
thing on your Instagram page which
basically has a bunch of people handling
your objections that's very very
powerful if you're doing Facebook ads
having a few top comments which handle
these objections is very very powerful
now the easiest way to do this is
obviously the reviews on your product
page and you should definitely be doing
that but if you can layer in the comment
section as well now one more thing I
have to add here your website cannot
look like dog [__] if it looks
absolutely horrible it can actually
drive the conversion rates to basically
zero because people are going to think
you're a scam so make sure the design is
semi okay like a 5 out of 10 everything
above that is not going to make a crazy
difference but everything below that is
so make sure it at least looks DEC and
just to show you one more example here
of how big of a difference average order
value and upsells can make in January
2023 we had this store which made around
$20,000 exactly one year later our same
portfolio company here made
$225,000 in one month as well with an
average order value of 20 so the
difference here was only $4 and as you
can see here on scale the conversion
rate actually dropped a little bit but
because we saw that higher average order
values still makes us so much more money
because there's no extra product cost we
still made way more profit with this and
now let me list the top six things you
need to be split testing and trying out
to make more money on your website
number one price very obvious number two
is adding oneclick upsell pre purchases
onto your website very important the app
you have to use here is zipify oneclick
upsell our favorite app and by the way
none of these apps are going to be
having an affiliate link below this
video it's just the ones we use I don't
need the extra affiliate money it's not
about that I want to stay honest this is
just literally the best app for
upselling out there then the next thing
you need to do is add variance whenever
you're selling some sort of product
which can have a premium version you
should always use that we saw that so
often where you just have the same
product but basically name it some some
premium version of it and have a little
change in there that you can just
upcharge $10 $20 and some people are
going to take that so make sure you have
different varant for different prices
and sometimes if you for example see
that everyone is taking only one variant
then make sure all the other variants
are going to be three times up marked in
terms of price so the top variant looks
like it is actually discounted nobody
trusts discounts anymore if you have a
50% off thing nobody trusts that however
if there's five versions on the product
page four of them cost $100 one of them
cost $50 that's something people trust
and they feel smart for getting the good
deal but in reality you're the smart one
who made that look like a good deal so
making Mak sure your split testing
variance on the product page crucial
next is adding bundles just incentivize
people to buy multiple Pieces by giving
them discount if they do that either you
use bundle bear or you use the shrine
theme both of those are amazing and you
should be using either one of those the
next thing is add a checkbox upsell so
here it's very important that the
checkbox is going to be pre-selected
already super crucial because every time
somebody has to click something less
people are going to do that which app
you should be using here either you're
going to be using X checkbox or you're
going to again use the shrine theme and
then the last thing is just add email
marketing if you're already making some
money you have to do that as well this
is also something which is very very
underutilized and most people just don't
do that ever now if you're already
making money with Drop Shipping for me
to help you is going to be the easiest
thing in the world because I'm just
going to look at your store I'm going to
tell you a few changes you should do and
I guarantee you wouldn't do them by
yourself I'm going to tell you exactly
that you're going to change them you're
going to literally make more money out
of every single sale and that's it all
right very very simple and obviously
we're going to help you with scaling and
all the other things in terms of how to
get more traffic onto your website as
well but it's the easiest thing in the
world to help an advanced person now if
you're a complete beginner and you're
not currently making Drop Shipping money
we have the most beginner friendly
system to make your first $10,000 online
there's nobody out there who has more
case studies than we do who got people
from zero to the first $10,000 in profit
per month on a consistent basis so it
doesn't matter if you're a beginner or
Advanced click the link below sign up
for a call and we're we're going to see
if we're a good fit to work together in
our one-on-one mentoring program